Hi.
Following this lecture we going to spend a couple of lectures in order to finish our user interface.
We're going to have to add new wave controllers so that we will have a complete app.
Right now we already have our places we have controller and sign up leave controller then a user taps
click button over here the ad button over here actually.
They will have to come over a new controller in which they will have to give out the specifications
of the place that is going to be created.
For example like a name and type and not must fear an image.
And if you want anything else to save on the parser where you can add this as well.
And we going to have a map with a controller in which we will choose the coordinates.
So let me bring in the new controller.
We are going to add the new place here.
We're going to start with getting the name of the place the type of the place.
So we're going to need a lot of text fields right.
So let me search for one.
So this one.
Yep.
Bring in one text field.
We can make this a little bit bigger so that it will look better.
Yep.
This one will be the place name.
OK I will make this centrally aligned.
Let me zoom in and here you go I believe that looks good.
So let me try to copy and paste this because we're going to need another one.
I'm going to call this place type.
So this will be something like either this is a restaurant or a bar or a cafe and for the charged one
I'm going to go for place Utmost Fear or description.
OK.
So you can just try to choose your own parameters as well as something like an informative text.
I'm going to go for a place atmosphere something like this is a fancy restaurant or this is a student
cafe or this is fine dining.
You're more than welcome to choose your own parameters.
I'm going to go for a name type and place atmosphere so that we will have three options to save in to
the past.
And after that I'm going to need an image view to choose the image of that restaurant or or Death Cafe.
OK so this is basic I'm going to come over here and choose the image view and we are then to do what
we have been doing so far.
I'm going to embed in an image here saying that tap to select a new picture and the users will have
to click on that to open the photo library and choose one of the images so that's easy to do.
And I'm going to bring in one button as well and I will name this by the next rather than upload our
save because after that we're going to have to choose a location from the maps before we save this information.
Right.
So this will be our next bottom.
Of course we can put this next button on the bar button items as well but right now I believe we have
space in here.
So I'm going to go for this one and say you reset to suggest it's constraints and I believe it designs
reset to suggest such constraints.
Let me do it one more time.
Here you go.
Now it's working and I'm going to give some fixed with the and height constraints to this.
We controller not we've controller to this UI Image view as about now I need an image to place a hold
here as a way to indicate that the users will have to tap this huge view to select one picture.
Ok I'm gonna do this in sketch and if you don't want to do that you you're just you can just go to my
github page and take my image from that github page.
So as you can see we have two hundred eighty six to two we haven't heard over here so I'm going to give
the exact same width and height to my image and I'm going to choose something blue or green.
And again we will have a basic design section in this course as well.
After watching that section you will be much more comfortable to do this kind of operation on photoshop
or sketch or dub exceed.
OK.
So I believe we have to go for white and call this tapped to select picture or tap to select image Yep.
This is more than good for us right now.
I'm going to export this.
So let me grip this and say select image or select picture.
OK.
And let's say export does.
And I'm going to Yep say Save and I'm going to delete this because I want to use it later on.
So let me bring in this select image that PSG into my assets.
So here you go.
Now I'm done.
So let's go back to main story boards and select that picture from these image properties.
And here you go.
Now it's OK now I believe we have to add that cocoa touch glass so that we can define everything in
here to our class.
So let me come over here and right click.
Say new file choose cocoa touch class and instead of view controller I'm going to go for something like
ad place VTC or at place we we controller because we are going to be adding places in this view controller
you can't call does something like details or imagery controller something like choosing the options
we have controller.
I'm going to go for ad place VCR and I'm spending time in here because actually choosing the variable
name and class names are important because in the real life examples you will be working with multiple
developers in big projects.
So you're going to have to come up with goods.
We have controller names like Good's variable names.
So please think about it before you just choose a random name.
So come over here to me in storyboards and choose the weave controller and go to the identity Inspector
very you can find the ad place we see and connect them together.
So far so good.
So let's do the Segway from places we see to here and say show.
And as you can see we get our back button and once we do that it's kind of distorted the whole constraints
over here so let me put this down a little bit and say update constraint constants.
And now I believe this is OK right.
So let me open then the assistant editor and go to that place V.C. and bring in all the wheels one by
one.
So let's delete this commented lice.
Let's go to the name text.
So this is place name text.
OK so this is going to be place same place name text and place type text.
So let me bring in this one place type text.
And for the church one I'm going to go for place utmost fear text.
So the atmosphere is kind of a wrong choice I believe because it's kind of long but we can deal with
it.
So let's go for place image view.
And finally we have to go what does next action button.
So next button clicks So here you go.
We have created our ad place we have controller and we have created to Coco teach class related to that
we have controller.
Now we have to add a map we have controller so that after user clicks on next they will see a map in
which they will choose the location of the place they want to add.
And we will get the coordinates and upload them to the past.
So great.
Let's do that in the next lecture.